# Cheerful-Giver
There are thousands of ministries taking place in countries of extreme poverty, where leaders and pastors are food insecure and face many shortages. It is sad that, meanwhile, many Christians live very comfortable and luxurious lives in developed countries. They could sponsor a ministry and bring great blessing by sharing their abundance with those most in need. However, many times people do not know how they can get the resources to those people in need, without their contributions remaining in a bank account or having an unknown destination.

Cheerful Giver is a platform created to make it easier for people to collaborate with God's work where it is most needed. In Joyful Giver you will be able to search for ministries and missionaries all over the world, learn about their situation and their ministry and their needs, and find the channels through which you can send financial aid directly. For the advancement of the Kingdom of God, the support of His People is needed. Cheerful Giver gives you the opportunity to make eternal riches through the effective offering that will cover the naked, feed the hungry and sustain the poor.

For I was hungry and you gave me something to eat, I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink, I was a stranger and you invited me in, I needed clothes and you clothed me, I was sick and you looked after me, I was in prison and you came to visit me. Then the righteous will answer him, Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you, or thirsty and give you something to drink? When did we see you a stranger and invite you in, or needing clothes and clothe you? When did we see you sick or in prison and go to visit you? The King will reply, ‘Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me.’
